src/featureflagservice/README.md, before:

# Feature Flag Service

This project provides an web interface for creating and updating feature flags
and a GRPC service for fetching the status of flags by their name. Each runs on
their own port but are in the same Release.

## Running

To run individually and not part of the demo the Release can be built with
`mix`:

``` shell
MIX_ENV=prod mix release
```

Then start Postgres with `docker compose`

``` shell
docker compose up
```

And run the Release:

``` shell
PHX_SERVER=1 FEATURE_FLAG_SERVICE_PORT=4000 FEATURE_FLAG_GRPC_SERVICE_PORT=4001 _build/prod/rel/featureflagservice/bin/featureflagservice start_iex
```

## Instrumentation

Traces of interaction with the web interface is provided by the OpenTelemetry
[Phoenix
instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_phoenix)
with Spans for database queries added through the [Ecto
instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_ecto).

The GRPC service uses [grpcbox](https://github.com/tsloughter/grpcbox) and uses
the [grpcbox
interceptor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_grpcbox)
for instrumentation.

## Building Protos

A copy of the protos from `pb/demo.proto` are kept in
`proto/demo.proto` and `rebar3 grpc_regen` will update the corresponding
Erlang module `src/ffs_demo_pb.erl`.

Commit message:

[featureflag] support arbitrary numerical settings
* allow arbitrary values, remove restriction for values to be >= 0 and
  <= 1
* rename feature flag GRPC methods accordingly
* distinguish between evaluating a probability feature flag and fetching
  the raw value

src/featureflagservice/README.md, after:

# Feature Flag Service

This project provides a web interface and a GRPC API for creating, updating and
fetching settings and feature flags. The web interface and the GRPC API each run
on their own port but are in the same Release.

Historically, the service only handled simple boolean feature flags, but it now
has evolved to handling arbitrary numerical settings. Feature flags that have a
simple on/off semantic can be represented with the values 1 and 0 respectively.
Feature with a probability semantic (that is, for each request there is a random
decision whether the flag is active or not), values between 0.0 and 1.0 can be
used.

## Running

To run individually and not part of the demo the Release can be built with
`mix`:

``` shell
MIX_ENV=prod mix release
```

Then start Postgres with `docker compose`

``` shell
docker compose up
```

And run the Release:

``` shell
PHX_SERVER=1 FEATURE_FLAG_SERVICE_PORT=4000 FEATURE_FLAG_GRPC_SERVICE_PORT=4001 _build/prod/rel/featureflagservice/bin/featureflagservice start_iex
```

## Instrumentation

Traces of interaction with the web interface is provided by the OpenTelemetry
[Phoenix
instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_phoenix)
with Spans for database queries added through the [Ecto
instrumentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_ecto).

The GRPC service uses [grpcbox](https://github.com/tsloughter/grpcbox) and uses
the [grpcbox
interceptor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-erlang-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/opentelemetry_grpcbox)
for instrumentation.

## Building Protos

A copy of the protos from `pb/demo.proto` are kept in
`proto/demo.proto` and `rebar3 grpc_regen` will update the corresponding
Erlang module `src/ffs_demo_pb.erl`.
